Bobcat Den Delivery Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from Bobcat Den Delivery.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you visit the app, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your time zone. We refer to this information as “Device Information.”

Additionally when you place an order or attempt to make a purchase through the app, we collect certain information from you, including your name, phone number, and address.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.”

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.

HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the app. Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud and to improve and optimize our app (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the app).

SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We also use Firebase / Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the app--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the app, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.

CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at bobcatdendelivery@gmail.com.
